# ChatroomWebapp
Communication brings people together, closer to each other bridging the gap between individuals and groups through flow of information and understanding between them. Our Website offers services to create chat rooms, where people could join these rooms through chat room link shared by the admin (person who creates chat rooms). The admin can also initiate a group video call in the chat room. Approach:  The Idea chosen is very challenging to all the group members as we have previously worked on small scale websites. Creating a multiuser and multifunctional (chat + video call) website will be a very challenging task. We will implement a bottom-up approach, solving all the basic problems and finally integrating them to achieve the desired final result.  Flow of solution:  We will have a client-server architecture for the chat room, so that no messages will be lost in transmission from one user to all other user in chat room. We will have a peer-to-peer architecture for video call in the chat room, so that the communication is smoother and faster with no time lag.  Technology stack:  React (A frontend framework) JavaScript (A scripting language) Nodejs (To create backend server) MongoDB (Database to store all the user details and chat room details) Express (A backend framework)  Analysis of differences between your solution and the currently available technology:  The main difference with our website and other chat application is that the users will not have to share their mobile numbers in order to enter a chat room. The chat room will be link specific, a user can only join chat room if he has appropriate link of chat room unless the admin has kept chatroom to public No personal data will be shared among other group members of the chat room.  Future Plans  To help like-minded people to connect with each other and bring about healthy debates and discussions. This would help people to grow and expand their knowledge through learning in unconventional ways
